[GRO-204] remove acceptance tests (#324)
UKHomeOffice/gro: README.md

## Testing

### Acceptance Tests

> From October 2024 release, acceptance tests are automated and are now running by QAT team in their environment. 

Reviewer: Technically they're not actually automated because you are meant to run them as part of CI/CD.  It was automated before.  This requires someone to press a button which is against the normal/best practices.  I'm not sure you need to have the date

```suggestion
Acceptance tests are run by the QAT team in a different environment. 
```

Author: update as suggested
